no idea when's the last time you saw
1977 he had his bags packed by the front
door he picked them up put them in the
back of his car and drove away last time
I ever saw
oh my gosh my dad would never do that he
loved me if you're gonna travel with me
to Los Angeles I got a key a couple
guidelines number one don't ask me a
single question what's your favorite
color what age did you lose your
virginity do you like hot dogs I once
ate a footlong corndog on a nude beach
I'll never do that again number see if
you're allergic to waffles don't eat
bottle stop then don't take me to a
Waffle House if miss the birth of my
child i'ma choke you out with your own
scarf wrap that thing around your neck
and choke you out soon a bit drastic
boys like I'm traveling with a child use
the restroom good point I need to take a
pee pee
check this thing out I can't believe I
did that
Aussies rental agreements enough what no
what I have coverage that a great
mistakes coming up yes it is
real hard
hold suneo get me that dog
I will rip it in half you better check
yourself before you wreck yourself